Code Explanation:

HTML:
Basic title and boilerplate
Body:
Dive for whole game logic id = game.
Div for stats, xp, health, gold
Div for actions (buttons you can press to perform logic)
Div for monster stats, name and health.
Div for text, initially contains the starting text directly in html doc

CSS:
Body = black background
White text box with padding for game div logic. 
Set the height width etc of game box
Set border and text on the stats and control buttons
Set format for monster stats while fighting and hide initially using display: none
Color and style buttons

JavaScript:
Set initial stats and values by declaring variables.
Use the DOM and query selector to create javascript variables for all the html components using css language,
Create an array of weapons containing objects for each weapon with name and power
Create an array of monsters containing objects for each monster with name, level and health values
Create an array of locations with names, text for buttons, functions to run when buttons are clicked and text box values.
These locations will be used to update the logic whenever anything happens and navigate around the game by updating the game box state. 
Initialize the buttons to have the initial onclick values. 

Create an update function which accepts a location from the location array as a parameter and resest the game box values to match the logic at that location. 
Add the store logic where you can buy health and weapons with gold. 
Add logic for the transactions with safe guards to make sure you have enough gold and don’t have the maximum inventory of weapons already. 
Add in sell logic for weapons if you already have the max amount. 

Fight monster functions find the monster info from the array and call the goFight function based on that monster index. 
Go fight updates the game status from the location array. Displays the monster css which is hidden to start the fighting. 
When fighting have an attack function which updates the text box based on your attack. Attacking reduces your health and also the health of the monster. 
Check is you hit the monster (randomized odds) before adjusting monster health.
Adds logic to lose if you die while attacking or if you kill the dragon and win. 
Adds in a 10% bad luck weapon break and removes item from your weapon inventory if it happens. 
Adds gold and experience if you kill a monster successfully

Restart resets the game
Add in a easter egg for a hidden guessing game. Triggered if you choose the right go to town button after killing a monster. 
Game is pick a number 2 or 8, it generates a random array of 10 numbers to compare to using a while loop 
Uses a for loop to print these numbers out and tell you  if you won or lost. Either adds gold or takes health depending on the outcome. 
